Mainnet Validator Doc Updates (#375)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/validators/validator-deployment-guide.mdx

To successfully deploy a Helium Validator, you'll need to do the following:

- Install the [Helium CLI Wallet](https://github.com/helium/helium-wallet-rs). You are welcome to build from source, but easiest to download the latest binary release.

:::warning

It is a best practice to create your Helium CLI wallet on a separate machine from the one where you will run your Validator.

:::

- Deploy a virtual server on a cloud service like AWS, GCP, Azure, or Digital Ocean. Or deploy a physical server on which to run the validator. [The recommended hardware and networking requirements can be found here](/mine-hnt/validators/requirements/).

> ## Create Testnet Wallet

Reviewer: you've removed 'testnet' from most places but added it to this heading?

Author: oversight on my part. just checked in the update.

Once you have your [Helium CLI Wallet](https://github.com/helium/helium-wallet-rs) installed locally, it's time to create your Wallet. Run the following command to create it. (This command format assumes you're using the executable. If you've built the wallet from source it'll look slightly different.)

```
helium-wallet create basic
```

> You'll be prompted to supply a new passphrase to complete it. This is used to encrypt/decrypt the `wallet.key` file, and is needed to sign transactions. **Don't lose it.**

Reviewer 2: nit: Not your doing, but I think we should use the word `password` here instead of `passphrase`. People might misinterpret `passphrase` to be a mnemonic phrase and have the wrong expectation of the result.

Author: updated.

+--------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
```

Your new wallet is now ready to recieve HNT.  

:::info

- Staking a validator requires 10,000 HNT per validator.
- It is possible to stake more than one validator from the same wallet as long as that wallet contains 10,000 HNT for each validator that is staked.

> - The staking transaction will burn HNT as a fee, so it is reccomended to have 5-10 extra HNT per validator in order to cover the fee. Excess HNT can then be withdrawn after the staking transaction is complete. 

Reviewer: reccomended -> recommended

Author: updated

+-----------------------------------------------------+----------------+--------------+-----------------+
```

> Glorious. You have the `10000 HNT` required to stake one validator, and a bit extra to cover the transaction fees. Now it's time to get your Validator running.

Reviewer 3: This talks about having extra to cover transaction fees but I don't see where sending more than 10,000 HNT or how much more is advised or clarified...

#### Configure your Docker to update the Validator automatically - RECOMMENDED

> Having all Testnet Validators running the latest release of Validator software is crucial to quickly test code additions, changes, and bug fixes. Having an out-of-date Validators can increase election times or even stall the chain depending on the changes made.

Reviewer: vaildators -> ventilators

Author: You must be joking!  :)

> Having all Validators running the latest release of Validator software is crucial to the stability of the blockchain and your validators ability to successfully participate in the Consensus Group and earn rewards. Having an out-of-date Validators can increase election times, reduce your vaildators chances of (or completely prohibit) entry into the Consensus Group, and may possibly stall the chain depending on the changes made.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Having all Validators running the latest release of Validator software is crucial to the stability of the blockchain and your validator's ability to successfully participate in the Consensus Group and earn rewards. Having out-of-date Validators can increase election times, reduce your validator's chances of (or completely prohibit) entry into the Consensus Group, and may possibly stall the chain depending on the changes made.
```

Author: updated.

One last step. When building from source, you'll need to manually load the genesis block once your miner is deployed and running. To do this, run the following:

```

> wget https://snapshots.helium.wtf/genesis.mainnet

Reviewer 2: I don't think the `*.helium.wtf` FQDN is right for mainnet. But I don't know where the real snapshots are going to live. Ask Evan?

Author: Have to leave these as plugs until the URLs are clarified.

miner genesis load </absolute/path/to/genesis/block>
```

Note that in the above `miner` command, the `miner` binary here is nested within `_build/validator/rel/miner/bin/miner`.

## Stake Tokens to Your Validator

> Now that your Validator node is running, the final step in the process is to formally stake HNT to your Validator. As part of the staking process the Validator address needs to both be in the staking transaction and sign the transaction. After a wallet stakes a validator node, the wallet becomes that node’s owner, has control over that validator node, and receives rewards.

Reviewer 2: > Validator address needs to both be in the staking transaction and sign the transaction. After a wallet stakes a validator node, the wallet becomes that node’s owner, has control over that validator node, and receives rewards.
 
 This  "and sign the transaction" isn't clear to me, the Validator address needs to sign the transaction? Do you mean:
 ```
 ...the validator address needs to be in the staking transaction and the transaction needs to be signed
 ```
 ?

Author: This is old carryover language from the previous testnet doc. I agree that it is poorly worded. I'll take a stab at rewriting the entire section so that its more relevant and flows better.

The [Validator API](/api/blockchain/validators) provides several useful calls to help monitor your Validator and the state of the Testnet.

```

> https://api.helium.wtf/v1/validators/

Reviewer 2: The correct URL is probably `https://api.helium.io/v1/validators/`
But I don't know when the validator endpoint will be live there, maybe @madninja  knows?

Same comment for the URL below.
